In order to play the game, begin by downloading all files from github. Then,
open up the "Racing_Game" folder itself in VS code. (Don't open up the overall 
"Video-Game-Projects" folder instead)

To start playing, you must first install pygame. You can do this by typing
 the command "python3 -m pip install pygame" in the terminal or 
 "py -m pip install pygame".

Run the "Racing.py"  file in the terminal by using the play button in 
the top right corner. Once the game is run, a window will pop up with the game.
 
"KACHOOOWWW" is a single player racing game where you represent a car and
race against a computer controlled car. The player (you) will move using
the arrow keys ("up" for gas/going forward, "left" for turning left, 
"right" for turning right, "down" for going backwards). Please keep in 
mind that you cannot drive as quick going backward as going forward. 

Your goal is to reach the finish line before the computer car in each 
level. The level is indicated in the bottom right corner along with the
time since the race has started and your car's current velocity. 
You will start at level 1 and each level, the speed of the computer car
will increase. If you win in all 10 levels, then you have beat the game.
Else, if the computer car wins a single level, then you will be sent back
to level 1.

In each level, you only start once you press any key. You are not allowed
to move backwards into the finish line and once a car touches the finish
line from the correct side, then that car will instantly win. 

The player car can be slowed down by colliding into the border walls. 
When the player hits the wall, it will be bounced back at the same 
velocity. Be aware that the wall collision with the car isn't exactly
pixel perfect and there will be cases where it may bounce you off even 
if you weren't close to the wall. In those cases, try driving around 
the area you bounced off of. 

Please don't use the computer car as a reference for where the player car
can travel. Since the computer car has a predefined path that it follows
in every level, it will never collide with the border. 

Since both cars are quite thick, neither car is able to collide with each
other due to how thin the track is. And since the computer car will 
always be flawless (as in it never  collides or slows down), the player
car will have a faster top speed then the computer car. 

You can also select your car's color along with the opponent's color before 
the levels begin. Please be aware that you can only select car colors when the 
file is first run. 

************************
Possible Updates:

- add "you win!" message after each level is completed
- give option to set level
- add power ups 
- add sound effects
- change background every few levels

